hi I'm Chelsea from crucial vacuum comm
and today we are going to change the
belt for the Hoover elite rewind first
you're going to want to make sure that
your machine is turned off and unplugged
before you start anything okay then
you're just going to want to release
this yellow lever so it can lay flat and
you're gonna want to turn it over now
take a Philips head screwdriver and it's
charter is growing and now once all five
screws are out you're going to want to
remove the bottom plate so in order to
replace this old belt we've got to take
out this old nasty roller brush yeah put
that aside okay and we're going to slide
this belt off of this little metal hook
okay and take the brand new one from
crucial vacuum comm that was shipped to
you for free and hook it on to this
silver hook slide it in there okay and
while we're at it
might as well put in a brand new roller
brush that I also got a crucial vacuum
comm free shipping way cheaper so you
take it and you see this end that has
the grooves for the belt take that and
loop it into the belt
and then you're just gonna use some good
old-fashioned elbow grease put this end
with the belt in first and then you're
going to snap this little end into place
so now we're going to put your bottom
plate back on okay you're just going to
line it up with the screw holes pop it
in there and start screwing a line okay
and there you go I will see you at
crucial vaccum calm